okay gForce do you want to like go away
we're all
right welcome to topic cast today we're
going to be witnessing taronis playing
as The Inquisitor here on ashes of
Typhon ashes of Typhon
vanilla so this part of the map is still
floating I'm going to be missed we're
not going to be using that today so this
is a very Lany map as you can see up
against Sparky with his Hive Tyron
probably a pretty bad situation to be
playing the nids I would say this map in
general Ash is a
Typhon not a lot of good cover most of
the cover on the map is
destructible which is pretty awful when
you're trying to fight IG and there's
not a lot of sources of green cover in
the first place even when it hasn't been
destroyed so overall pretty rough and
charging forward down Lanes is not
really how tyranids are meant to be
played they're meant to exploit their
speed attack you from multiple angles
with a bunch of
units so this map really plays into the
hands of the Imperial Guard I forgot to
go
offline God it's so
annoying I'm on an absolute binge today
and I'm going offline and then I'm going
back invisible so I can actually do
things then I'm going offline
again I I can he
remember Sparky going for a little bit
of an interesting build here
22 it's interesting against IG it's
pretty common
otherwise I don't know what the best
would be on this map probably just go
triple ter as improve synapse probably
just the best thing because you are
going to have to fight headon quite a
lot and Horas when they can't flank just
feel not great especially against IG
Inquisitor CAU out here though she's not
really going to achieve a whole lot she
wants some support from The Sentinel
taronis quite slow to react here he
going for a heavy weapons team nothing
wrong with that on this map as I say
very Lany basically wherever you put the
heavy weapons team you will cover that
end if you put it here they can't get
through put it here then this is closed
off obviously you
know hi T can't be suppressed so he can
sort of walk in if something else takes
the fire at first bioplasma is probably
quite good as well uh is actually buffed
in the next patch I think this will be
the final replay from the current patch
and then we'll move on to the well not
the current patch the old patch at this
point by the time this replay comes
up I think it's
2.9.1 and then we're now on to 2.9.2
good stomp heavy weapons team is right
there n Focus fire The Hive tant though
or it's not shooting homant no that was
a fail yeah you got to focus fire the hi
T because he'll just do that now the
hmer are free to marud the poor
Guardsman Inquisitor having a good time
up here though slaying some ter against
that's fun for her if she used a hammer
of the witches I didn't notice that
would have been good to control the hi
tant as well see you get a lot of tools
as The Inquisitor very good match up for
her can sort of bait the hi tan into
attacking your heavy weapons team making
him think that he's going to get in then
hit him with the hammer of the witches
and obviously then he's at closer range
so the heav weap team actually does more
damage Gman down here just running
around the side trying to get some
capping done going for the natural
caught out by a warrior brood which is
not a happy time for them but of course
they can't deal with the Sentinel it's
too quick so it's going to poke its way
at them they've got that heavy infantry
carpes though so it's going to take
quite some time bit of an overly
defensive positioning there from the
head weapons team I think you should
have stomp available on the Sentinel
anyway and The Inquisitor is just going
to go down on this Eastern portion of
the map and Route the remaining G so
that's fine not a bad little engagement
there from Sparky not sure that getting
the Decap on the wreck there is worth
losing the warrior brood
model well it's not there's no
way but it was a good effort nonetheless
he put on a lot of pressure he's buying
himself time oh I was going to say
before his gen Farm gets hit but uh yeah
he doesn't have a gen Farm cuz he's
going for a super heavy tier one which
is very appropriate for the
tyranids oh this is weird what triple
gasman in this day and
age that's not
common I would have expected kishan
Devils you know you have got double
hormas and you've
got Hive
Tyrant not more Guardsman that's uh bit
strange no upgrades and the hi tet are
still somewhat vulnerable to the heavy
weapons team
ATT yeah these guys have got way too
close he needs to redirect his Arc of
Fire to shoot the things at the closest
though cuz yeah wow oh my goodness look
at those turant getting
gibbed bter is the real deal but yeah we
got raveners out now so they'll be be
able to borrow under and deal with the
heavy weapons team which is why again I
would have gone for kishan they could
really hurt the raveners when they do
that with them shotguns
then they can hold reliable The Blob to
buy yourself more time and then
explosive shot the raveners meanwhile
the heavy weapons team can pull back and
reset up Triple G wow this is really
quite something may not hold
long I mean yeah ravena's running in
here is not really very smart there's
just oh my God too much piercing damage
man T is a little bit slow on his heavy
weapons team micro though let the
Warriors get in but it doesn't matter
they don't have enough DPS output
themselves to actually Force off the
Guardsman here so it's not really a big
deal he pushes them off but he you know
Sparky is doing quite well to keep the
pressure on he sort of he's always seems
to be in tonus is 50% of the map but
maybe this is in the long term playing
into taron's hands I'm not too
sure
maybe cuz tonis is so far ahead in Tech
Sparky now dropping down yeah he's three
gen's come down now he's got a nice
little VP leader Sparky if nothing else
that's good for
him and he's at it again hot's flanking
nomin a Guardsman but rotation of the
heav weapon team is going to deal with
that and then you save your Hammer of
the witches to deal with the hi tant
that's good play by tonis
there uh I didn't manage to take the top
VP though probably should rotate one of
the gsman to deal with that look the
hard is coming again
unrelentless the unrelenting horde of
tyranids man that's what they're like
h no toxin sacks on the ter against I
mean I suppose he can't really afford it
can he look at his Eco ban wolf would
have been amazing for taso on this
unfortunately I don't think he's got
enough red for it which is really really
unfortunate for him cuz it would be
beautiful right now it's so good against
tyranids
anyway the chem Cannon damage does extra
to Warriors but it's also the splash is
just sufficient to absolutely wre GA too
and you know he's so far and take right
now it will get rid of all the gens and
it slows enemies so it's great against
these highpe speed hordes of
tyranids missile launcher on the
Sentinel would be a pretty obvious
choice as well a lot more damage output
then you've got The Inferno pistol and
The Inquisitor also an obvious choice
judgment can straight up wipe squads of
gauns in Retreat you pull it off a sail
to control the warrior brood when
they're running
in but yeah he's got no red for the B
wol so instead of getting the Chimera
for the vehicle Rush he's going for the
Orin I'm not sure that tonus realizes
quite how far ahead he is in
tech oh look at all those Las guns
though that is going to melt those
hmas triple Guardsman and a sentinel is
a lot of Las
guns RAV is still in play but I don't
think they should get no I don't think
they should engage here they're only on
like 60% HP they're going to get melted
by all these last guns it's not worth it
not that close to the base so SP he's
going to use his speed he's going to
disengage and he should be all
[Music]
right let's see where's the heavy
weapons team going oh it's stay static
yeah so this is it it's frightened to
engage cuz if he blobs all the Guardsman
up the Sentinel will be fine with the
triple
repairs however it's going to leave him
vulnerable to a but strike from the
raveners he's going to dissuade The
tyranid Blob though with a health Fury
strike I'm not sure that was the best
application of it health Fury is pretty
amazing because it does full damage on
Retreat I think he should have probably
saved it for a retreat
wipe I think he'd have been fine there
just needed to split his Guardsman up a
little bit and he should have won that
fight I
think it was only the The Raven bur
strike that was scary but they were
quite low
HP so I don't think he needed to use the
hell Fury
there regardless I'm going to be setting
up nicely here to deal with the hi tant
if he did engage he' just get stomped
risk getting wiped by aens in
Retreat and yep we got The Inferno
pistol but Sparky is already tier two so
this Tech lead by tonis not very
powerful I mean I guess he just didn't
realize how far ahead he was spaky gone
for five gens which is a bit excessive
which is why he now has loads of power
but maybe he's just going to try and
stall given the fact that he has a big
VP lead and mostly skipped here to
we'll
see in I'm not sure what he could really
get right now definitely wouldn't want
to T guard against IG not with triple
Gman potentially getting plasma guns
yikes that' be bad then he's got the
orins he's got AV melter damage I think
maybe just get a jean stealer and then
go straight to tier three for Sparky
would be the play and just generally
avoid army versus army fights until then
until you can get your carix train out
and he's doing a good job with that
rotating down the bottom he's going for
a gene steal as well nice then you get
your adrenal glands and the
Warriors got the hi T 2 we've not really
seen the hi T do too much it's mostly
sort of been side capping obviously no
upgrades on him so you can't expect too
much oh these guys look
dead yep
yikes trying to Retreat through double
harmers and warriors there I don't even
think they had their Sergeant so that's
one of the Guardsman down at least not
sure that tonis is too badly damaged by
that though if I'm being completely
honest
the The
Sentinel it's not as impactful as it is
in tier one at this point the tyranid
units in tier 2 kind of start getting
too durable even the gauns when they get
Mele synaps the homant become pretty
ridiculous for a sentinel with a multil
last to deal with and so you can mostly
ignore the cental you don't have to sort
of stand and trade with it with turant
so there or the repairs of the Guardsman
are less
impactful and now it's ultimately less
upkeep for taronis and he is actually
going to tier three far sooner than
Sparky ever is Sparky running out of
requisition and certainly has an excess
of power which is again generally why
you don't go for more than four gens
this is quite
common just need to find an
edge yeah no adrenal glands yet for the
Warriors either which seems very OD it's
such a really cost effective
upgrade okay it's coming now it's a lot
of wreck in it
120 let's just have a look at his
upkeep 71 pop oh God yeah 187 197 now
cuz he's just regained what I don't know
oh he lost both of these wrecks so they
they need to mature back up to
30 yeah his wreck income right now is
really bad that's not good and any bleed
that he incurs is going to make this
even
worse bra
rers going into melee there with The
Inquisitor but yeah they just want to
get out they don't want to take this
fight kasaki I think is aware that he is
really struggling for wreck and he
doesn't want to
bleed so he's going to push down the
bottom he's got the Gen Steelers now and
he's got the melee synapse he's got a
big melee blob here and he's he's
basically split his army into Mele and
range ranged Daves
dual termers but he's losing all the
power now and I mean he's got an
excessive power but he won't for long
like if he purchases tier three he's
going to be basically out of power at
that point and he doesn't have a lot of
income so that's an issue because there
is currently a Leman Russ coming out for
taronis without a Venom Cannon can
effect effects that is going to be
really tough to deal
with we got the assale there on the
warrior oh dear oh this is a [__] up I
don't know what happened to The Hive T
there he seems to be getting path
blocked by by what I don't know but
taking way too long to get into Melly
with a heavy weapons team oh my God
still hasn't tied this [__]
up yeah and the Warriors and the je
still get routed finally the ranged
tyranids arrive for reinforcements but
honestly it feels like that was so
lit he's actually doing all right here
cuz the ogens aren't present the ogens
are in the base web team does manage to
reset up but again not FOC is firing the
hi tan so he just goes into melee bonded
X of skeleton pures on this bad boy 9
seconds of invulnerability man what a
good ability and a decent amount of HP
regen and a fa amount of extra Max HP
too but he is just basically here to tie
up every weapons teams cuz he doesn't do
much
damage we got a weapon
upgrade not against kiting units anyway
so Leman Russ arrives Sparky's going to
grab a Venom brood but I think he he
shouldn't to be honest I think he should
just get tier three as soon as possible
I think at this point a Venom brood
could bleed him quite a lot especially
if these gsman start picking up plasma
guns this thing gets an executioner
Cannon which it probably should because
the taron's lead you might not realize
how far ahead he is but he probably
should I mean Sparky has got an
absolutely massive Army and he just took
out five gens of Sparky so you should
know that a effect isn't going to be
coming anytime soon up now H apparently
not cuz he's going for
vanquisher which is going to be really
quite inferior in this instance
obviously I know that Sparky is in tier
2 and there's no car effects if you want
to deal with a car effects you go
vanquisher
complete but there's not going to be a
car effects for a very long time so
executioner will just annihilate the
tyed Army the sheer level of DPS is
going to be insane because it does bonus
damage against heavy infantry kind of
like the ban wolf bonus damage to heavy
Infantry but also has Splash which will
melt the gaun so really it just kills
everything except the hero super super
fast oh I forgot Sparky is the hi tant
so he can get the Venom cannon on the
High T which yeah that'll be all right
that'll do something against Leman
obviously the Leman should disengage the
other problem is it now has the
vanquisher which gives it extra range so
it shouldn't really be in range of Venom
Canon another Hy turn for too
often J Steelers rushing in going to get
caught by the asale but that means that
the Warriors don't get caught by the
asale good God that is a big LOB imagine
if you had a Rocket run right
now unfortunately ton has not got the
red for that Rocket run that would have
been dirty but the tyranids are just so
tough look at them charging forward an
attempted brood Nest there by Sparky
just completely
wasted I think sentinel's going in for a
stomp but yeah he's in a bad spot that's
a lot of ranged units from the tyranids
there has he got triple
turas no no it's just the Ravena bro
icon right [__] hell I was going to
say where did the triple come from
yeah pushes off the Leman oh my goodness
what is he doing here he's gone for the
bioplasma I think the bioplasma on the
Venom Canon can effects does a load of
Av damage it doesn't on the high turn
that would' be crazy cuz it's a tier one
ability ready but yeah g Ste isn't worry
BR they they've done their thing now
they've done their job they need to get
out of there they don't want to bleed
spy needs to be careful they definitely
did a great job there pushing forward oh
my god swacky get the Warriors out no
he's going to lose the Warriors He's
forgot about them oh [__] they retreated
too late but he snags the [__] Leman
oh my goodness through the 30 HP per
second double gasman repairs there Venom
Cannon hi tarant proving quite valuable
indeed in tandem with the Venom brid see
nothing actually focusing on the Venom
brood we're going to see a hell Fury but
again I really have to question that
hell Fury from
tarones why why the hell Fury and now T
just going to get another Leman not a
terrible idea Leman should still be
effective against this composition but
really should have had an execution and
not a
vanquisher okay H turn hello he Tyran no
Sparky what are you doing what's he
looking at looking over here ogens have
just been side capping the entire time
they've not been participating in these
army versus army fights that's kind of
mental yeah this is not necessarily a
great fight for the gene Stealers
because because I use your red well
yeah I guess the je will be fine then we
use your red being used just to deal
with the harm
us oh God what is going on over here now
a heavy weapons team just got wiped by a
homon squad now spy has forgot about his
homun Squad now the hom Squad is going
to
die Inquisitor for melee she's still got
a
sword should die here can The Inferno
pistol hit it doesn't matter Hammer the
which is bang harag Squad down holy [__]
look at the rosters though spy has so
many more units it is incred incredible
Jean stealer's down here genan stealer's
actually done quite good I think they're
quite a cheap unit for a T2 unit they
are very cheap there's no doubt about
it no range Sy UPS on the Venom brood
which is strange it's like this raven is
going to get slain
yeah took a lot of L guns
there VP is still looking quite close
Sparky does have the lead still though
but he's still behind in Te
destroy okay or just swapped to benss
it's all right now if you tonis I guess
you go for the um disgusting these
things Kasin right if you go for kaskin
now then you'll have a good composition
losing the heavy weapons team kind of
sucked that would have been nice to fall
back to with his mobile units still no
executioner on the Leman which seems
absolutely
Bonkers Jean steal is not really able to
to do much to Vehicles until they get
tier threee and can get their rending
talons then they do get heavy melee then
they can actually hurt the
vehicles yeah Kasin now o this is a good
comp for
T but he needs to be fast man look at
this WOW three to zero cap against him
even with the tank out he just can't
output enough damage to deal with the
tyranis who just keep pushing forward
and taking the VPS spy really needs to
be careful with these brud nests he
keeps building them way too close and
he's actually losing LS of red
unnecessarily with
it big
bioplasma oh mostly missed the gasman
there oh that could have done huge
damage if it actually hit them they
didn't retreat in time one more Gman
squad on the field okay here we go we're
getting the Executioner that'll be
effective J are going to go forward try
and tank some damage along with the half
Town half town is so tanky man he's so
good here comes the execution and this
will hurt the jeans
yeah oh my God he snagged it again with
the Venom
Cannon wow I don't know what tonus is
doing he's gone for grenade launchers as
well which
is probably not a very good idea
probably should have just kept them Hot
Shot Las guns or plasma guns one of the
other Hot Shot obviously better against
the hi tant and the jeans and the ravs
teras plasma would kill the Venom and
the Warriors really fast
oh dear I think tonis has thrown this
one he's just got overwhelmed by an
utter spam of tyranids which is
beautiful to see actually you know this
is how tyranid should win and we don't
even see any rippers from the tyranids
either to tie up all those um Range
units of the IG what are the ballg
greens doing they just still been
running down the sidelines on their own
yeah they have
yeah I guess this is why the Gen
Stealers are really nice choice as long
as the Gen Stealers go alongside the
adrenaland warrior brood they should be
able to beat buens quite easily buens
actually are not really any better than
orins against melee in fact they might
even be worse because they lose use your
Ed not on demand not back in melee is so
powerful
now slapping down the tower Bonk Bonk BK
Bonk good amount XP there if you're the
only one who kills a tower isn't there
look at the damage that bulens take from
rang though obviously being super heavy
infantry so they take reduced damage
from
piercing and then also when they're in
combat they take 25% less range damage
so they just Shrugged
off all of the damage there didn't
they to go Al take this heavy weapons
Squad coming out for Taris show our toct
it's quite every weapons team he's given
up on the Leman Russ at this point he
can't keep him
alive Storm Troopers find okay swapped
to plasma gun yeah that's better again a
really aggressive brood nest and an okay
Rocket run I don't think yeah it's not
going to get any wipes it really wasn't
the best double Plasma on both of his
gasman but no commas on them I think at
this point you just get Kar on
them make them as durable as possible
you know what would have been good I
think for taso and I say a medical
bunker never mind would have still
probably would be quite
good Sparky would be in a much better
situation if he didn't waste so much red
on these brood
nests finally the invulnerability of the
bonded exra skeleton runs out and the hi
T
flees I wonder if an auto Cannon would
be a good choice here for the heav
weapons team spy has to get a carif
effect out now and you know what he's
got the time to do it 222 VPS for him
left only 51 for
taronis big Advantage for Sparky I
think they're now quite similar in
economic terms reping enemy contact Cas
need to get the hell out of there with
is getting into melee that's not
goodu is all
dead sir they've a solid points
now let's see how the buens fair here
against the genan sealers genan sealers
not in the melee synaps so definitely
not as strong as they could be they're
doing quite well are these death
spitters yeah they are yeah death
spitters do Inferno damage so they're
actually hurting these Bens quite a bit
even with all the resistances that buens
get to range damage and again yeah you
see the power of the je steers as I say
buens they're more of a range unit
counter they're not really a melee unit
counter so that's not really an ideal
fight for them trying to je Jean
Steelers not sure I think they probably
would have won it just
about the death spits weren't
contributing but yeah it's not that's
super cost ineffective J Squad is way
weaker way cheaper and of course it
wasn't even in synaps imagine if it was
in Mele synaps that would have been
yikes but that is quite a tyed blob hi
tant once again just has to run onto the
VP and all the Rangers can move forward
and Blast Away
they're having a good time even the
heavy infantry armor of the casakin here
is not enough to protect them from the
sheer DPS that is coming out of all
these nids is this yeah the death spit
is in the back that's the problem they
will hurt casakin quite a lot and we
have a neuro for up now
peroxisomes down oh beautiful combo
nicely done cataclysm and bioplasma
doing a lot of AOE damage over time here
as you can see see absolutely melting
the gasman these gasman are get wiped 5
HP so lucky
[Music]
peroxiclear out the structures that the
tyranids have formed which is fine I
guess man look at a level level six
already but uh yeah no this is not a
good idea buens need to get the hell out
of here what they doing there's Gene
steal is coming in there's probably
another peroxisome soon as well you
can't knock them over with cataclysm
they are immune to weapon knockbacks
that was a bit of a strange choice
but wow yeah tones oh man I don't know
what he was focusing on there I guess
looking down here worrying panicking
about the hi tan he's screwed perus
would have been a great choice at this
point look at how much the Terin are
blobbing up was stun their entire Army
and then you finalize it on top of the
Venom brood and try and get some
synaptic
backlash could have been very strong
nice frag
grenade but yikes this AOE damage from
The Zone thr up but the neuro thr up
even is pretty bad je Ste probably
should have finished off the cin does it
matter no it doesn't they kill him
anyway with the ranged assets and the
cataclysm of the neuro frup beautiful
work coming out of the neuro for up
there in the late
game gorgeous
stuff that was what he needed because
tonius was scared of getting Leeman Russ
cuz he kept losing a lemon Russ to a
hive tant and a Venom brood and you know
what Sparky did really well there
recognizing huh he's gone for two lemons
and now he's not getting any he's
getting a lot of weird [__] heavy weapon
seams in tier three clearly he doesn't
feel confident in using the lemons
against me so actually instead of
getting a carif effect in TI three I'll
just spec into this anti-infantry crowd
control and my AV team yeah I'll swap
them to Inferno damage which can be good
against all Targets including the buens
and it works out perfectly for Sparky
really ton sort of fell into the Trap
there by not getting a Leman right now
the only AV on the field is literally
the hi tant he doesn't have a Leman and
realistically speaking if you play it
properly you shouldn't even be losing a
Leman to a Venom brood and a hive Ty
that's ridiculous they should need to
have a Venom Canon car effects to be
able to take out a Leman cuz the Venom
brood and the hive Tyrant are so slow
excruciate of the Venom brood Hammer The
Witches The Hive Tyrant layer it with
some heavy weapons teams how are they
killing
yeman but they did twice and uh yeah it
was kind of the ban of taronis there you
go I really liked that nid player there
from spark a really swarmy thematic
build he lost so many models as
witnessed by the map yet nonetheless he
pushed through and won the game of
attrition against the Imperial Guard
which is quite impressive that is going
to be all from you top at this time I am
signing out peace
[Music]